well howdy there internet people it's
above again you know sometimes it feels
like the president actually watches this
brought up a young boy named him until
the other day and then lo and behold a
certain word has found its way into the
president's vocabulary and then into his
tweets and then when the rightful outcry
occurred senators attempted to defendant
now to be honest he's not the first
politician to use this language Joe
Biden did 20 years ago 20 years ago it
was stupid and horrible that that's not
much changed so what did he say he said
so someday if the Democrat becomes
president and the Republicans win the
house even by a tiny margin they can
impeach the president without due
process or fairness or any legal rights
all Republicans must remember what they
are witnessing here a lynching I feel
like this should go without saying but
obviously it doesn't the impeachment
process is exactly nothing like a
luncheon
that's the premeditated extrajudicial
informal public execution of someone
doesn't seem like what's going on here
to reiterate this is nothing like a
lynching in any sense
enter Senator Lindsey Graham from the
great state of South Carolina who said
this is a lynching in every sense
because he's completely ignorant of
history he goes on to say he's never
seen a situation in which the accused
can't confront the accuser and in whines
about due process which is also in the
president's tweet because senator Graham
has just become apparent for the
president
the thing is had either of these men
ever read the Constitution they would
understand them
what parallels due process in
impeachment proceedings occurs in the
Senate during the trial so if he doesn't
get it
senator Graham that would be your fault
the fact that somebody has to explain
that to a senator and the president is
appalling especially considering I think
Graham is like chair of the Judiciary
Committee he should really know that
this isn't extrajudicial this is exactly
how the process is supposed to work
understand there's nothing even
stipulating that the house has to inform
the president that an impeachment
investigation is going on and that's
what this is it's an inquiry I
understand that the moneyed classes are
used to being able to intervene during
an investigation and get something
stopped before it goes too far that's
not how it works for most of the
population that's not how it works in
the impeachment process let's just cut
to the chase the closest thing to a
lynching that President Trump has been
involved in is when he took out a
full-page ad advocating for the
execution of people who turned out to be
innocent
and that's the thing about lynchings in
most cases the people the victims are
innocent we we all read that statement
today doesn't appear that he is but hey
don't worry he'll get his due process
now one of the other things that I
noticed today was people seem to think
that this is ancient history or that it
wasn't that big of a problem yeah so
3437 recorded lynchings of black
Americans probably another thousand or
so White's
the most recent recorded one was in 2011
man named James Craig Anderson it's not
ancient history and those are just the
ones that are found out those are the
ones where they know what happened
it's not ancient history it's certainly
not something that should be used as
political jargon to help invigorate your
bigot base anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night